thank you for joining us we begin in
Gaza where Israeli strikes have targeted
displaced Palestinians in the southern
part of the strip at least 15 people
were killed in can Unis when Israeli
Rockets struck a number of tents in the
alasi neighborhood the injured were
taken to Al AXA Hospital in Dar Al Bala
for treatment more air strikes on
residential buildings have also been
reported in B lahia in Northern Gaza
several Palestinians were killed there
let's get an update with our
correspondent on the ground h who joins
us on the phone from Rafa so bring us up
to speed with the situation this morning
these latest strikes in KH Unis
first yes well so far what we're looking
at despite the devastation and the
desperate humanitarian uh situations
across the Gaza Strip there seems to be
no lit up in the attacks across the Gaza
Strip and we literally means everywhere
every inch of the godp has been targeted
within the past 24 hours but the worst
of what happened is the fact that people
at Al maasi evacuation Zone the very
particular area where people since the
initial weeks of this genocidal War were
told and Order uh sharply by the Israeli
military to evacuate to because it's a
safe Zone it came under heavy
bombardment we're looking at at least 15
people mostly women and children elderly
who already had suffer from Health
complications and miserable living
condition all transfer reported to Al
Hospital death in the in city but again
an incident like this for a lot of
people when we heard uh uh people
expressing their frustration over the
fact that it is happening in a in a a
supposedly a safe Zone that shatters any
remaining sense of Safety and Security
for and already traumatized large
portion of the population and the fact
that they are intense
really experiencing a problem yeah and
they're being attacked and this is not
the first time by the way it's just
important to point out to our viewers
this is probably the third time we've
seen a maasi evacuation Zone come be
coming under heavy aerial bombardment
yeah that that uh area Al maasi has come
under attack several times by the
Israelis and I understand honey
hospitals in the south are overwhelmed
right now and injured people are
actually being transported to the
central area for
treatment yes well the the casualties of
this tragic attacks on alasi evacuation
Zone were all transferred to Al hospital
that's City and already overwhelmed
exhausted health facilities and it's the
only one in the Central Area providing
services for the hundreds of thousand of
people residents and displaced families
in the area but since the uh the
beginning of this genocidal War it has
been experiencing lots of complications
that including the insufficient medical
staff available at the hospital the uh
extreme shortage of medical supplies
necessarily needed for medical
intervention and saving lives the
hospital is a midsize health facility
doesn't have enough space to accommodate
EV evacu L alone people with injuries
coming to reported to the hospital so
literally we're looking at the health
facility where where its rooms are
packed with injuries and and people
evacuating inside the the the buildings
also the corridors it's hard to even
walk from one room to another from floor
to another because of uh it's
overcrowded right now and and that's why
because people are taking it as a
shelter and it's just becoming very
difficult uh for doctors and for the
medic team to provide anything necessary
to save lives right now thank you honey
for the update that's Al jazer is honey
Mahmud on the line there from arfa in
southern Gaza